[Merged by Bors] - Deploy default and support custom affinities (#649)
stackabletech/zookeeper-operator: docs/modules/zookeeper/pages/pod_placement.adoc

= Pod Placement

> You can configure Pod placement for HDFS nodes as described in xref:concepts:pod_placement.adoc[].
> 
> By default, the operator spreads out Apache Zookeeper Pods across cluster nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the Pod placement of the Zookeeper pods as described in xref:concepts:pod_placement.adoc[].

The default affinities created by the operator are:

1. Co-locate all the Zookeeper Pods (weight 20)
```
